hey what is going on guys my name is
ryan into Dana's video after you episode
4 of my GTA 5 secret too bright and know
existed now in this i'll be showing you
has three more new tricks in GTA 5
online that you probably know existed so
anyways let's get this thing started now
this first trick I can guarantee people
did not know because you know it's
something that has never really been
talked about ever in gt5 if you have any
kind of sex with a hooker and all it
gives even pay or the fifty dollars that
you know oral stimulation service then
you just actually improve your health
now you saw just a minute ago my health
bar before I started having sex with
this lady you guys will see that I was
only at half health and after I have sex
this lady I'll actually have a full bar
of health so it is kind of a contrary
thing you know to the in real life you
know you if you guys have sex with a
hooker you guys usually just you know
get STDs or something but in this game
it improves your health so it is a
really good service to use and
especially if you guys want to pay the
lady and then once you how you kill her
and get your money back it's a free way
to get free health now contrary to my
last trick this will actually allow you
to get free food from any convenience
store now all you just want to do is
walk into the convenience store make
sure you guys don't have a wanted level
in this case I'm just going to turn on
cops turn blind eye and all you guys
want to do is go to you lot shop option
in the store and you wanna press X to
shoplift maybe time you do this you'll
take one bar of whatever you're
highlighting so these are highlighting a
piss water you guys will be actually
stealing one of those or if you guys are
highly Dan Ecola you'll steal one of
those whatever but keep in mind use we
have one star / time so that's the
reason I turned off you know cops turn
blind I just for the purpose of this
video to show you guys that you can do
it but keep in mind each time fish don't
have the cop turn blind eye thing is
we'll get one star / time
no stealing not in my store oh shit not
good ok ok I'm trapped in the final
trick for today is actually quite fun
I've done this a lot with a lot of
subscribers and it's actually a really
fun way to blow up cars and a free way
to blow up cars so all you guys want to
do is make sure you have a great
launcher and you want to make sure that
you may lay the car three to four times
so as you guys see I'm going to punch it
three to four times and at the fourth
time or the third time in this case you
actually blow up the car and yourself
now for some reason this light works
with the grenade launcher I'm not quite
sure why it works or you know how it
won't work with other you know guns but
this is the only gonna work for it's a
grenade launcher but still it is a
really fun way to blow up cars if you
guys don't want to spend you know five
her dollars per time with a sticky bomb
this is a freeway keep in mind all you
need to do is just have the great
launcher even if it's out of ammo it'll
still work now like I said guys it's
really fun way to blow up cars um you
guys can actually get a lot of funny
reactions if you guys are you know a
troll and somebody outside their
apartment or you know santos customs if
they're sitting there hit their car blow
them up like what the fuck how that
happened so fast so anyways guys that's
about all four episode 4 of my GTA 5
secret's prada know existed if you want
to see more videos like this and please
make sure to support the video series by
leaving a like before you leave also
make sure to comment any new secrets you
may know that i could put in a future
videos and also make sure to subscribe
or the latest and daily uploads of GTA 5
but thank you so much for watching this
has been episode for my GTA 5 secrets my
name is ryan hope you guys have enjoyed
the video and text i'm a mouthpiece